Monday:We started off Monday Morning by getting introduced to our seats and people we would be doing the course which was good to get to know other people in the group. That followed up with a tour of the office and it was impressive to see the different list of facilities that red hat have here. We were given a lot of free time after that to get a grip of how our computers were working and we spent nearly an hour and a half at the computer, not up to much which was a long time. In the afternoon we had a talk on the basic concepts of how agile worked. Agile is a very efficient method of communicating between your colleagues on how different people are completing different jobs. Overall I did find the talk very long and it was quite boring at times. I wish they shortened it a bit even by an hour and would have improved it.

Tuesday: We spent most of Tuesday morning doing a git workshop which was very long but I really enjoyed it. The breaks between every 40 minutes were very beneficial in clearing your head otherwise your head would have been mashed from the git workshop. In the afternoon we had a workshop working with micro bits which was very interesting where we used scratch to program the micro bits.  

Wednesday: We spent most of Wednesday design and some would say trying to make a roller coaster. We made an attempt to use the agile method to build a roller coaster. We didn’t complete our rollercoaster as it just wasn’t meant to be for our group as our ideas wouldn’t work but I enjoyed the experience of making the rollercoasters.

Thursday: We were introduced Thursday at the town hall meeting which I thought would have been worse but it was and the breakfast was class to be fair. I organized a pool tournament for all of the TY’s and even some of the interns got involved. This was a great way to communicate with other people within the group and in my opinion something like this would have been a great ice breaker on the first day. I enjoyed the python workshop yesterday and I found it is easier than the git we learned as it would be considered the easiest language in code.

Friday: We spent Friday trying to build our robots and programe the robots and it wasn’t going well for us as we started off. We just couldn't seem to get the robot. We then had apache pizza which was class also to be fair.
